Averaged cross section displacement for mechanics (#26166)
idaholab/moose: modules/tensor_mechanics/doc/content/source/vectorpostprocessors/AverageSectionValueSampler.md

# AverageSectionValueSampler

!syntax description /VectorPostprocessors/AverageSectionValueSampler

## Description

> This vector postprocessor locates a number of nodes in a structural component and computes their average
> variables along the $X$, $Y$, and $Z$ axes on multiple cross sections. This feature can be used to compute,
> for example, average displacements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This computes the average value of specified nodal variables at nodes located within cross-sectional planes
at user-specified locations along the axis of a mesh.  This is designed to operate on bodies whose meshes are created by extrusion, so that sets of nodes that make up the mesh lie within planes.
```

The location of the nodes is given by a direction and an

> associated length. This postprocessor is particularly indicated for structural components that deform in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
associated set of lengths. This postprocessor is particularly indicated for structural components that deform in
```

a way analogous to beams, thereby freeing the user from performing additional postprocessing tasks on a
different software. One use case of this postprocessor is the definition of cross sections in ducts that
bend or bow (see [disp_cross]).

!media tensor_mechanics/disp_cross_section.png
    id=disp_cross
    caption=Undeformed and deformed configurations of a duct with a cross section defined by
    nodes in a regularly meshed geometry.
    style=display:block;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:60%

!alert note
This postprocessor should only be used for regularly meshed geometries as it relies on nodes having the

> same weights on the cross section. This requirement must be considered by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same weights on the cross section. There is no check within the code for this condition, so the user must ensure that the mesh is reasonably uniform.
```
